feat(table): convert column mgmt demos to fullscreen (#7446)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-table/src/demos/Table.md

    return (
      <React.Fragment>
        <DashboardWrapper hasPageTemplateTitle>
          <PageSection padding={{ default: 'noPadding', xl: 'padding' }}>
            <Card component="div">
              <Table
                gridBreakPoint="grid-xl"
                header={
                  <React.Fragment>
                    <Toolbar id="page-layout-table-column-management-action-toolbar-top">{toolbarItems}</Toolbar>
                  </React.Fragment>
                }

>                 aria-label="This is a table with checkboxes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                aria-label="This is a table with column management"
```

    return (
      <React.Fragment>
        <DashboardWrapper hasPageTemplateTitle>
          <PageSection padding={{ default: 'noPadding', xl: 'padding' }}>
            <Card component="div">
              <Table
                gridBreakPoint="grid-xl"
                header={
                  <React.Fragment>
                    <Toolbar id="page-layout-table-column-management-action-toolbar-top">{toolbarItems}</Toolbar>
                  </React.Fragment>
                }

>                 aria-label="This is a table with checkboxes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                aria-label="This is a table with draggable column management"
```
